Document storage_service option for login throttling (#21886)
symfony/symfony-docs: security.rst

Internally, Symfony uses the :doc:`Rate Limiter component </rate_limiter>`
which by default uses Symfony's cache to store the previous login attempts.

> You can configure the cache pool or provide a custom storage service:

Reviewer: If we remove the other sentence, we may have to put back the link here

        security:
            firewalls:
                main:
                    login_throttling:
                        # use a specific cache pool for storing limiter state
                        cache_pool: 'cache.rate_limiter'
                        # or use a custom storage service (takes precedence over cache_pool)
                        # storage_service: 'app.my_custom_storage'

    .. code-block:: xml

        <!-- config/packages/security.xml -->
        <login-throttling cache-pool="cache.rate_limiter"
                          storage-service="app.my_custom_storage"/>

    .. code-block:: php

        // config/packages/security.php
        use Symfony\Config\SecurityConfig;

        return static function (SecurityConfig $security): void {
            $mainFirewall = $security->firewall('main');

            $mainFirewall->loginThrottling()
                // use a specific cache pool for storing limiter state
                ->cachePool('cache.rate_limiter')
                // or use a custom storage service (takes precedence over cache_pool)
                // ->storageService('app.my_custom_storage')
            ;
        };

> You can also implement a :ref:`custom storage <rate-limiter-storage>`.

Reviewer: I think this sentence can be removed as it says the same thing as the one above configuration block

.. versionadded:: 7.4

>     The ``storage_service`` option for ``login_throttling`` was introduced in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``storage_service`` and ``cache_pool`` options for ``login_throttling`` were introduced in
```
